Introduction
============

waitchange is a simple script that watches the specified files and folders for change. When something does change it exits with code 0.

	Usage: waitchange [options] filename1 filename2 ...

	Options:
	  --version        show program's version number and exit
	  -h, --help       show this help message and exit
	  -r, --recursive  Watch subfolders as well. Default is to not.

The default behavior is to non-recursively watch the current directory. To monitor subdirectories supply the '-r' option. To watch specific files and directories, supply them as arguments.

Examples
========

The following examples assumes a bash shell and waitchange (symbolic link to waitchange.py) is in your path.

* When something changes in the current directory or a subdirectory run `scons` (build system). Control-C to exit.

		while [ $[`waitchange -r`] ]; do scons; done

* Growl notification when a file changes in current directory. Assumes you have growlnotify in your path.

		waitchange && echo 'something changed!' | growlnotify

Installation
============

Assuming `/usr/local/bin` is in your path, the following works:

	sudo curl -o /usr/local/bin/waitchange http://github.com/spenthil/waitchange/raw/master/waitchange.py && sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/waitchange

License
=======

Licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright (c) 2010 Senthil Palanisami

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
